---
title: "Learning Report for Module 8"
date: 2020-10-11T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Week 8: Other CMSs and Finally Back to In Class Learning
========================================================
I can be excited to say that this week we went back to in person class meetings instead of being online on Zoom. There is just something that being in person gives you that being online doesn't. Enough about that, lets get into what all I learned this week. There were some key concepts we learned this week in content management. This week we learned about how to choose different content management systems. For comparing content management systems, we compared a CMS name with the same first letter as our first and last name. We did this in our explore activity this week. I decided to look at Cloud and Jekyll (there was no CMS starting with H so I chose this CMS because its almost halloween and Jekyll is a monster). As far as managing content using workflows, me and my group worked on a blog post exploring different content management features and which one was our favorite. We met during class this week, later on Wednesday during normal class time to talk about our blog post, and another time on Friday to discuss our mid semester assignments. We also have been talking with each other on Microsoft Teams. One technology related to content management is Jekyll. It is a CMS simmilar to Hugo in that it helps you create static websites and it is perfect for things like blogs. Some notable users of jekyll is Spotify, Twitch, and Netflix. Lastly, but not least, is resources for self-directed learning. This week I looked at different CMSs and compared them. One CMS I thought about including in my explore assignment was [October]( https://octobercms.com/"October"). October is a CMS built on the Laravel PHP Framework. Scrolling down the screen, you can see that this CMS is very code intensive and would be good for something like a blog. Well, that is some things I learned this week and I hope to learn a lot more soon.
