---
title: "Learning Report for Module 11"
date: 2020-11-01T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Week 11: Content Aggregation and Extra Group Projects
=====================================================
I can be excited to say that this week we learned about content aggregation. We also got to work on some Extra projects in addition to our regular work. Enough about that, lets get into what all I learned this week. There were some key concepts we learned this week in content management. This week we learned about content aggregation. We got to learn about all of the different content shapes and about how most CMSs will tend to follow one of those shapes called content geography. For comparing content management systems, we compared WordPress and Hugo content shapes and talked about their content geographies from both the perspective of the editor and the content consumer. This was our explore activity this week. As far as managing content using workflows, me and my group worked on a blog post talking about the evolution of sports and events during covid-19. We also explored different plugins we could add to the WordPress website this week. We met during class this week on Wednesday over Teams to talk about our blog post and to talk about the plugin we wanted to add to the WordPress site. We also have been talking with each other over text on Microsoft Teams in order to be checking up with everyone and communicate little things. One technology related to content management systems I learned about this week was [TablePress](https://wordpress.org/plugins/tablepress/#description/ "TablePress"). It is a plugin you can add to WordPress to make creating tables easier. Lastly, but not least, is resources for self-directed learning. This week I wanted to know exactly how TablePress worked and wondered if there was any modifications I could make to it to improve it. To do this I visited the [TablePress FAQ page](https://tablepress.org/faq/ "TablePress FAQ page") to learn more. Well, that is some things I learned this week and I hope to learn a lot more soon.

