---
title: "Learning Report for Module 15"
date: 2020-11-29T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Week 15: End of Semester Check In And Final Blog Post
=====================================================
Unfortunately, this week was the last week we got to meet in class and all I can say is that it has been a hard semester but our professor made it work given the situation. I still feel like I learned a lot and if I hadn't had taken this class I dont think I would've been ready to work in my field. To my Professor, all I can say is thank you. This week we talked about distributing content. Enough about that, lets get into what all else I learned this week. There were some key concepts we learned this week in content management. This week we learned about multichannel distribution and the different channels you can spread content on. For comparing content management systems, we looked at different channels in which you can spread content on. We looked at how content creators might distribute the same content in a different way on different channels. As far as managing content using workflows, me and my group worked on a blog post exploring dealing with content leaks. We also met to explore widgets on the WordPress site. We met during class this week to talk about the Blog Post and later on Wednesday during normal class time to talk more about the blog post and then about the widget we planned on adding to the WordPress site. We also have been talking with each other on Microsoft Teams. One technology related to content management systems I learned about this week was the [Feed Them Social](https://wordpress.org/plugins/feed-them-social/ "Feed Them Social") plugin for WordPress. You can use it to create a news page on your WordPress site where all of the different channels you use to create content can be found in one place. Lastly, but not least, is resources for self-directed learning. This week I wanted to learn more about how the Feed Them Social plugin worked so I looked at a [YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsOYRV454jg&ab_channel=SlickRemix "YouTube video") where they talked more about it. In the video, there is even a real world example of a band using the plugin to keep their fans updated on everything about them on one page that gets automatically updated. Well, that is some things I learned this week and I hope to learn a lot more soon.
