---
title: "Learning Report for Module 5"
date: 2020-09-20T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Week 5: The Week About the Presentation of Content
==================================================
This week turned out to be different than the other ones as we attended class virtually online using Zoom. Sadly, our professor is in quarntine as one of his family members has tested positive for Covid-19. Hopefully that family member gets feeling better soon so we can go back to learning in a classroom environment. Even though we were online this week, I still managed to learn a lot. There were some key concepts we did learn this week in content management. This week we learned about the presentation of content. We read an article by Dave Clark titled Content Management and the Separation of Presentation and Content and looked at different themes for our Hugo website. For comparing content management systems, we didn’t really compare any systems, but we did compare different ways content could be presented. We looked at a website called [CSS Zen Garden](http://www.csszengarden.com "CSS Zen Garden") and looked at how the same content could be presented in many different ways. As far as managing content using workflows, we didn't really do any of that this week. Next week when we start doing group blogs I believe we will be able to answer this question a lot easier. One technology related to content management is themes. A part of the create assignment this week had us look at different themes we could apply to our Hugo website. Themes are a great way to alter the content on your page. Lastly, but not least, is resources for self-directed learning. One thing I decided to look at was some more of the annotated reading this week. Further down the author talks about two good reasons that seperating content and presentation is unproblematic. First is that content and presentation have almost always worked this way and second, content and presentation always get reacquainted. Well, that is some things I learned this week and I hope to learn a lot more soon.
