---
title: "Learning Report for Module 7"
date: 2020-10-04T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Week 7: Learning About Features of CMSs and Hopefully, The Last Week of Online Learning
================================================================
I can be excited to say that this week will hopefully be the last week of online learning as our professor has now been cleared to come back to campus next week. I can’t wait to be meeting with my group members in person rather than online next week. There were some key concepts we learned this week in content management. This week we learned about different features in content management systems. We also learned about how to choose a CMS. For comparing content management systems, we compared Hugo features to WordPress features.in our explore activity, we looked at the different features of WordPress and Hugo and chose which one would be the best for a blog of our choosing. As far as managing content using workflows, me and my group worked on a blog post explaining how CMSs help make creating websites easier. We met during class this week and later Wednesday during normal class time. we also have been talking with each other on Microsoft Teams. One technology related to content management is Slideas. You can use it to make graphs in markdown. Lastly, but not least, is resources for self-directed learning. This week I look at different blog posts and tutorials on how to implement different features into WordPress and Hugo. I visited [discourse]( https://discourse.gohugo.io/t/image-processing-and-animated-gifs/13331 /"discourse"), [kinsta]( https://kinsta.com/blog/wordpress-charts/"kinsta")  and [wpbeginner]( https://www.wpbeginner.com/wp-tutorials/how-to-add-animated-gifs-in-wordpress/"wpbeginner"). Well, that is some things I learned this week and I hope to learn a lot more soon.
