---
title: "Learning Report for Module 13"
date: 2020-11-15T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

Week 13: Content and Commerce
==============================================
I can be excited to say that this week we worked on expanding content management systems through extentions and plugins. We also got to mess around with changing the theme on the class WordPress site. Enough about that, lets get into what all I learned this week. There were some key concepts we learned this week in content management. This week we learned about expanding content management systems. more specifically we looked at different plugins and extentions and discussed which ones we liked and why we might use them. For comparing content management systems, we didnt really compare any systems this week, but we did compare different plugins and extentions and decided on which ones we liked the best. As far as managing content using workflows, me and my group worked on a blog post exploring the evolution of entertainment: going from radios to virtual reality. We also changed the theme of the WordPress site to the [Halloween](https://wordpress.org/themes/halloween/ "Halloween") theme. We met during class this week to talk about the Blog Post and later on Wednesday during normal class time to talk about the theme change. We also have been talking with each other on Microsoft Teams. One technology related to content management systems I learned about this week was the [WordPress plugins page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ "Wordpress plugins page"). You can use it to find different plugins to add to your WordPress site. Lastly, but not least, is resources for self-directed learning. This week I looked at different plugins to add to the WordPress site and found a useful one called BuddyPress. [BuddyPress](https://wordpress.org/plugins/buddypress/ "BuddyPress") is a plugin you can add to your WordPress site to add different social media aspects. Well, that is some things I learned this week and I hope to learn a lot more soon.
